END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

Last updated March 09, 2022

Hidush is licensed product, located and registered in Israel ("Licensor"), for use only under the terms of this License Agreement.

By downloading the Licensed Application from Apple's software distribution platform ("App Store") and Google's software distribution platform ("Play Store"), 
and any update thereto (as permitted by this License Agreement), 
You indicate that You agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, and that You accept this License Agreement. 
App Store and Play Store are referred to in this License Agreement as “Services.”

The parties of this License Agreement acknowledge that the Services are not a Party to this License Agreement and are not bound by any provisions or obligations with regard to the Licensed Application, 
such as warranty, liability, maintenance and support thereof. Hidush, not the Services, is solely responsible for the Licensed Application and the content thereof.
This License Agreement may not provide for usage rules for the Licensed Application that are in conflict with the latest Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions (https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/us/terms.html) and Google Play Terms of Service (https://play.google.com/intl/en_US/about/play-terms/) ("Usage Rules"). 
Hidush acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review the Usage Rules and this License Agreement is not conflicting with them.
Hidush when purchased or downloaded through the Services, is licensed to You for use only under the terms of this License Agreement. 
The Licensor reserves all rights not expressly granted to You. Hidush is to be used on devices that operate with Apple's operating systems ("iOS" and "Mac OS") or Google's operating system ("Android").


1. THE APPLICATION
Hidush ("Licensed Application") is a piece of software created to Smart and intersting torah hidushim — and customized for iOS and Android mobile devices ("Devices"). It is used to Social feed.

2. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT
2.1  The Licensor is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services for this Licensed Application. 
You can reach the Licensor at the email address listed in the App Store or Play Store Overview for this Licensed Application.
2.2  Hidush and the End-User acknowledge that the Services have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Licensed Application.

3. USER-GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
The Licensed Application may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other functionality, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or in the Licensed Application, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Licensed Application and through third-party websites or applications. 
As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:
1. The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.
2. You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Licensed Application, and other users of the Licensed Application to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Licensed Application and this License Agreement.
3. You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness or each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Licensed Application and this License Agreement.
4. Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
5. Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.
6. Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
7. Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
8. Your Contributions are not used to harass or threaten (in the legal sense of those terms) any other person and to promote violence against a specific person or class of people.
9. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
10. Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
11. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors.
12. Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
13. Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of this License Agreement, or any applicable law or regulation.
Any use of the Licensed Application in violation of the foregoing violates this License Agreement and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Licensed Application.

4. CONTRIBUTION LICENSE
By posting your Contributions to any part of the Licensed Application or making Contributions accessible to the Licensed Application by linking your account from the Licensed Application to any of your social networking accounts, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broad cast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate in other works, such as Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through
any media channels.
This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions.
We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area in the Licensed Application. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Licensed Application and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.
We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; (2) to recategorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations in the Licensed Application; and (3) to prescreen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions.

5. WARRANTY
5.1  Licensor warrants that the Licensed Application is free of spyware, trojan horses, viruses, or any other malware at the time of Your download. Licensor warrants that the Licensed Application works as described in the user documentation.
5.2  No warranty is provided for the Licensed Application that is not executable on the device, that has been unauthorizedly modified, handled inappropriately or culpably, combined or installed with inappropriate hardware or software, used with inappropriate accessories, regardless if by Yourself or by third parties, or if there are any other reasons outside of Hidush's sphere of influence that affect the executability of the Licensed Application.
5.3  You are required to inspect the Licensed Application immediately after installing it and notify Hidush about issues discovered without delay by email provided in Product Claims (#productclaims).
5.4  If we confirm that the Licensed Application is defective, Hidush reserves a choice to remedy the situation either by means of solving the defect or substitute delivery.
5.5  In the event of any failure of the Licensed Application to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify the Services Store Operator, and Your Licensed Application purchase price will be refunded to You. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Services Store Operator will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Licensed Application, and any other losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses, and costs attributable to any negligence to adhere to any warranty.
5.6  If the user is an entrepreneur, any claim based on faults expires after a statutory period of limitation amounting to twelve (12) months after the Licensed Application was made available to the user. The statutory periods of limitation given by law apply for users who are consumers.

6. PRODUCT CLAIMS
Hidush and the End-User acknowledge that Hidush, and not the Services, 
is responsible for addressing any claims of the End-User or any third party relating to the Licensed Application or the End-User’s possession and/or use of that Licensed Application, including, but not limited to:

(i) product liability claims;
(ii) any claim that the Licensed Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and
(iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation, 
including in connection with Your Licensed Application’s use of the HealthKit and HomeKit.

7. LEGAL COMPLIANCE
You represent and warrant that You are not located in a country that is subject to a US Government embargo, or that has been designated by the US Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and that You are not listed on any US Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

8. CONTACT INFORMATION
For general inquiries, complaints, questions or claims concerning the Licensed Application, please contact:

emil45@gmail.com

10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Hidush and the End-User acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Licensed Application or the End-User's possession and use of that Licensed Application infringes on the third party's intellectual property rights, 
Hidush, and not the Services, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge or any such intellectual property infringement claims.

11. APPLICABLE LAW
This License Agreement is governed by the laws of Israel excluding its conflicts of law rules.

12. MISCELLANEOUS
12.1  If any of the terms of this agreement should be or become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Invalid terms will be replaced by valid ones formulated in a way that will achieve the primary purpose.
12.2  Collateral agreements, changes and amendments are only valid if laid down in writing. The preceding clause can only be waived in writing.